c:\users\настя\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\настя\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\настя\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\настя\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\настя\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\настя\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\настя\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\настя\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\настя\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\настя\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\настя\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\настя\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\настя\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\настя\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\Decorate2.dll.config
c:\users\настя\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\Decorate2.dll
c:\users\настя\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\Decorate2.pdb
c:\users\настя\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\настя\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\настя\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\настя\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\настя\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\настя\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\настя\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\настя\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\настя\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\настя\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\настя\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\настя\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\настя\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\настя\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\настя\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\настя\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\настя\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\настя\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\настя\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\настя\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\настя\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\настя\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\настя\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\настя\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\настя\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\настя\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\настя\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\настя\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\настя\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\настя\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Decorate2\Decorate2\obj\Debug\Decorate2.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\настя\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Decorate2\Decorate2\obj\Debug\Decorate2.dll
c:\users\настя\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Decorate2\Decorate2\obj\Debug\Decorate2.pdb
E:\рс\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
E:\рс\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
E:\рс\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
E:\рс\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
E:\рс\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
E:\рс\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
E:\рс\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
E:\рс\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
E:\рс\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
E:\рс\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
E:\рс\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
E:\рс\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
E:\рс\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
E:\рс\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\Decorate2.dll.config
E:\рс\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\Decorate2.dll
E:\рс\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\Decorate2.pdb
E:\рс\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
E:\рс\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
E:\рс\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
E:\рс\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
E:\рс\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
E:\рс\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
E:\рс\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
E:\рс\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\EntityFramework.xml
E:\рс\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
E:\рс\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
E:\рс\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
E:\рс\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
E:\рс\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
E:\рс\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
E:\рс\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
E:\рс\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
E:\рс\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
E:\рс\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
E:\рс\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
E:\рс\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
E:\рс\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
E:\рс\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
E:\рс\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
E:\рс\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
E:\рс\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
E:\рс\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
E:\рс\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
E:\рс\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
E:\рс\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
E:\рс\Decorate2\Decorate2\obj\Debug\Decorate2.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\рс\Decorate2\Decorate2\obj\Debug\Decorate2.dll
E:\рс\Decorate2\Decorate2\obj\Debug\Decorate2.pdb
E:\Projects\проекти\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
E:\Projects\проекти\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
E:\Projects\проекти\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
E:\Projects\проекти\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
E:\Projects\проекти\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
E:\Projects\проекти\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
E:\Projects\проекти\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
E:\Projects\проекти\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
E:\Projects\проекти\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
E:\Projects\проекти\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
E:\Projects\проекти\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
E:\Projects\проекти\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
E:\Projects\проекти\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
E:\Projects\проекти\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\Decorate2.dll.config
E:\Projects\проекти\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\Decorate2.dll
E:\Projects\проекти\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\Decorate2.pdb
E:\Projects\проекти\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
E:\Projects\проекти\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
E:\Projects\проекти\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
E:\Projects\проекти\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
E:\Projects\проекти\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
E:\Projects\проекти\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
E:\Projects\проекти\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
E:\Projects\проекти\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\EntityFramework.xml
E:\Projects\проекти\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
E:\Projects\проекти\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
E:\Projects\проекти\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
E:\Projects\проекти\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
E:\Projects\проекти\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
E:\Projects\проекти\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
E:\Projects\проекти\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
E:\Projects\проекти\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
E:\Projects\проекти\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
E:\Projects\проекти\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
E:\Projects\проекти\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
E:\Projects\проекти\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
E:\Projects\проекти\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
E:\Projects\проекти\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
E:\Projects\проекти\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
E:\Projects\проекти\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
E:\Projects\проекти\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
E:\Projects\проекти\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
E:\Projects\проекти\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
E:\Projects\проекти\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
E:\Projects\проекти\Decorate2\Decorate2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
E:\Projects\проекти\Decorate2\Decorate2\obj\Debug\Decorate2.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\Projects\проекти\Decorate2\Decorate2\obj\Debug\Decorate2.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
E:\Projects\проекти\Decorate2\Decorate2\obj\Debug\Decorate2.csproj.CopyComplete
E:\Projects\проекти\Decorate2\Decorate2\obj\Debug\Decorate2.dll
E:\Projects\проекти\Decorate2\Decorate2\obj\Debug\Decorate2.pdb
